what is going on guys it's me
vikkstar123 with another team tomahawk
gameplay because it's not been going on
on my channel for a little while and you
guys seem to really enjoy the last one
so team tomahawk it is going back to our
roots so to speak but because I know a
lot of you guys came over here and
soaped subbed for the tomahawk and the
tomahawk is coming back with this
gameplay saw the last one the next one
special duel come with another YouTube
tomahawk and that is miss Danielle mrs.
Jeffster your bra no girl whatever she
wants to be referred to us another
tomahawk when you guys have been asking
that for that for ages and that was a
crazy bank shot thing there bank shot
like a box so as you can see here you
are not currently hi the gameplay has
been super-speeded because array is a
very big map and the gameplay was slow
so like super fast mode and that's
exactly what we got going on here so
this gameplay basically the analogy I
gave it an allergy I don't know the
breakdown I described it with but none
of that made any sense what it was was
when I was live streaming i said this
myself i'm picking up the kills but my
accuracy was really not they're not
entirely sure why i'm probably playing
on cue higher sensitivity but i can't be
bothered to change it because i'm doing
those trick shot stuff so yeah the kills
were there the accuracy wasn't there
that's why always pays to have warlord
pro getting those two tomahawks should
save your life most times so if you're
looking at this from kind of a breaking
a Down point of view you'll notice that
a lot of the time I am flanking and
that's simply because arrays a huge map
and if you run straight at them they'll
mow you down before you even get
anywhere near close so always up behind
them stick into the building sides of
the map never really running out into
the open unless I know it's safe but
then I get picked off by a ghost guy and
that makes me super mad so I don't know
why I've just been talking really fast
because the game plays fast and like oh
my god and I'm gonna do this and then I
look at
I don't what we've got oh my god what so
yeah team tomahawks where it's that got
like I say this one then the dual
commentary and then the scalp of you for
community montage beyond epic guys gonna
be so beast so exciting stuff to come
tomahawk coming back into play and then
getting ready for the MW free throwing
knives really some epic stuff and one
point I want to highlight in this game
is that I'm doing fairly decently up
until this point but then the team part
of team tomahawk degenerates the team
start finding it a bit more awkward you
always find that throughout a game at
they start you can take these guys
completely by surprise I like what's
going on why am I getting stunned so
much where that tomahawk coming from oh
my god WTF BBQ sauce what so that you
always find that they kind of take a
curve towards the end in being much more
defensive and that makes it really hard
to play against so I wasn't having too
much trouble with that but my team
really was and once you start losing
those UAVs and they start getting those
UAVs and other killstreaks continuing a
decent level is is so so hard that was
what I was struggling with and also the
long-range throws that required on this
map sometimes the anticipation just
wasn't there or they were always
covering each other from distances it's
really not the ideal a shocking display
of accuracy on that kill and as you can
see here as much as I would have loved
to go for a long range when in fact I do
here which really should have here I was
quite irritated about neither of those
hitting pretty unfortunate so are the
long ranges if you miss your tomahawks
and you've got quite a task trying to
get them back and tailing the triple
feed there because I went for my
instinctive you owe vehicle I always do
that as soon as i get a UAV like this
impulsive otd i had to call it in
straight away I can't wait timing a safe
zone and I know this not someone trying
to shoot me round the corner have to
call in that UAV and it's not a good
habit to get into so with this team Tom
want gameplay and the last one you saw
that is a direct response to comments
from you guys I saw quite a few people
commenting saying where if the tomahawk
was gone victim cannot bring it back
let's do
this and as you know i'm more than happy
to accept the feedback from you guys
everything gets taken into account and
obviously if a lot of people are
agreeing on the same thing then I have
no choice but to make a decision and
make a change so I know that you guys
have been drawn away from some series
that aren't quite so original for
instance the live way too much so that
is going to be ending and bring back
more of the original stuff came home hot
because i know you guys do enjoy seeing
this and although it can be tedious
getting tomahawk and only at times I'm
gonna be bringing it back here so thanks
watching guys and keep up the great